Details:
Jungle Juniors Slide + Bouncy Castle - Green / Light Blue
Price: £195
Next morning collection for £50
100% Five-Star Reviews Delivering All Promises
At Premium Inflatables, our commitment to excellence is reflected in our 100% five-star rating on Google. With hundreds of reviews from satisfied customers, we take pride in consistently delivering premium products and service. This unparalleled reputation sets us apart from the competition and ensures that your event is in the hands of trusted professionals.

Premium guarantees

New fully sanitised 2024 Premium Inflatables & accessories
Delivering on time everytime!!
Punctual collections
Approachable friendly polite team dedicated to making your event a success every time!!
Around the clock customer service team to answer all your calls and messages Contact us
It is our duty to help create the best birthday bouncy castle parties of 2024!!

We understand as parents it can be stressful time organising your children's special day..

Please be assured with regards to your Premium Bouncy Castles, Slides, Soft Play we guarantee it will be one less thing to worry about once you have booked with us.

Never to be mistaken with lesser lower services offering low quality older cheap bouncy castles for hire!!

Under 5's Toddlers Jungle Package
The under 5's toddlers Jungle Bouncy Castle paired with matching Green & Light Blue Juniors Slide is an amazing addition to any children's birthday party or event, boasting the classic Jungle artwork which is finished in a modern gloss to match the premium gloss finish on all our inflatables.

The Jungle Themed bouncy castle and slide package is Ideal for all your indoor and outdoor events and special occasions. With both Premium Inflatables having a height of only 8ft are perfect for low ceiling low roof halls & venues. This package can be easily upgraded and paired with, ball pools, soft play and matching mat set up to make an incredible package.

What's included in this Package
9 x 11 x 8ft (W/L/H) Jungle Theme Bouncy Castle
12 x 12 x 8ft (W/L/H) Juniors Toddlers Green Slide
If you require any assistance regarding which packages will fit best in your chosen venue or your garden at home click here to contact us
Keeping everyone occupied - Additions
Didi Cars and Hoppers are the ultimate upgrade to any birthday party. They are Super Fun, Safe and easy to use the kids can just hop on and start wiggling! They are versatile as can be used inside and outside perfect addition to any event.

Safety and Hygiene are the Paramount Priority here at Premium Inflatables!!
All our Premium inflatables, Soft Play, Ball Pools, Balls, Mats come fully sanitised for every use.
Why Choose Premium Inflatables Bouncy Castle Hire Wakefield?
CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR GOOGLE CLIENT REVIEWS FEEDBACK

Have our RPii trained team deliver and setup this premium inflatable at your chosen home or venue across Leeds, Wakefield, Tingley, Morley, Lofthouse, Rothwell, Methley, Normanton, Featherstone, Pontefract, Castleford, Knottingley, Darrington, Wentbridge, Sherburn in Elmet, Selby & surroundings.

Additional Info:
Contact Premium Inflatables
If you have any questions or need assistance, our friendly team is always on hand to help you create the best bouncy castle & soft play birthday parties.

Office: 0113 460 1386
Call / WhatsApp: 07482511995
Text: 07482511995
Email: info@premiuminflatables.co.uk

Click here for our Premium Inflatables contact page

You can also make a booking online using the 'Check Availability' and 'Book Online' buttons!

Showing: Jungle Bouncy Castle - Green & Light Blue

Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	9ft	11.5ft	8ft
Required Space:	12ft	17ft	8.5ft

Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	2.7m	3.5m	2.4m
Required Space:	3.7m	5.2m	2.6m


Showing: Juniors Inflatable Bouncy Slide - Green & Light Blue
Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	12ft	12ft	8ft
Slide Platform Height:			5ft

Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	3.7m	3.7m	2.4m
Slide Platform Height:			1.5m
