Price: £135
Next morning collection for £50
Premium Inflatables your local bouncy castle hire near you. Number #1 Google Review Rated Bouncy Castle Hirer for 
Leeds and Wakefield and surroundings.

Delivering you a choice of UK's latest most on trend new purchases and additions to our outstanding Premium 2024 Fleet!!

Never to be mistaken with lesser lower services offering low quality older cheap bouncy castles for hire!!

The Christmas bouncy castle is an amazing addition to any birthday party or event, boasting the classic cartoon cars artwork
 which is finished in a modern gloss to match the premium gloss finish on all our inflatables.

If this amazing inflatable wasn't already good enough why not take your special event to the next level by adding our Premium 
Entertainment Experience the ultimate bouncy castle upgrade to include disco light's & big Bluetooth speaker.

The Christmas Themed bouncy castle is Ideal for all your indoor and outdoor events and special occasions. This castle can be 
easily paired with slides, ball pools, soft play and matching mat set up to make an incredible package.

Safety and Hygiene are the Paramount Priority here at Premium Inflatables!!
All our Premium inflatables, Soft Play, Ball Pools, Balls, Mats come fully sanitised for every use.
Why Choose Premium Inflatables Bouncy Castle Hire Wakefield?
CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR GOOGLE CLIENT REVIEWS FEEDBACK

Have our trained team deliver and setup this inflatable at your chosen home or venue

Now available to hire across Leeds, Wakefield, Tingley, Morley, Lofthouse, Rothwell, Methley, Normanton, Featherstone, Pontefract, 
Castleford, Knottingley, Darrington, Wentbridge, Sherburn in Elmet, Selby & surroundings.


Suitable For Children	
Not Suitable For Adults	
Suitable For
Indoors on Hard Surface	
Outdoors on Grass	
Outdoors on Hard Surface	
Not Suitable For
Outdoors on Artificial Grass	
Outdoors on Flags

Users:

Max Users @ 1.0	        7
Max Users @ 1.25	6
Max Users @ 1.5	        4
Max Users @ 1.8	        4


Show in Feet
 	        Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	12ft	15ft	9.5ft
Required Space:	15ft	21ft	10ft
Required Access Width:	3ft	


Show in Metres
 	       Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	3.7m	4.6m	2.9m
Required Space:	4.6m	6.4m	3.0m
Required Access Width:	0.9m
		
Additional Information
If you'd like to speak with us, call on 0113 460 1386
alternatively email us at info@premiuminflatables.co.uk
or take a look at our contact page
You can also make a booking online using the 'Check Availability' and 'Book Online' buttons!


	
