Details:

Happy Birthday Bouncy Castle with slide - Pink & Purple
Price: £145
Next morning collection for £50
100% Five-Star Reviews Delivering on All Promises
At Premium Inflatables, our commitment to excellence is reflected in our 100% five-star rating on Google. With hundreds of reviews from satisfied customers, we take pride in consistently delivering premium products and service. This unparalleled reputation sets us apart from the competition and ensures that your event is in the hands of trusted professionals.

Premium Guarantees

New fully sanitised 2024 Premium Inflatables & accessories
Delivering on time everytime!!
Punctual collections
Approachable friendly polite RPii trained team dedicated to making your event safe & success every time!!
Around the clock customer service team to answer all your calls and messages Contact us
It is our duty to help create the best birthday bouncy castle parties of 2024!!

We understand as parents it can be stressful time organising your children's special day.

Once booked with Premium Inflatables please be assured with regards to your Premium Bouncy Castles, Slides, Soft Play we guarantee it will be one less thing to worry about. Our services are unmatched!!

Never to be mistaken with lesser lower services offering low quality older cheap bouncy castles for hire!!

New 2024 Happy Birthday Bounce N' Slide
The Happy Birthday Themed bouncy castle with slide is a amazing addition to any birthday party or event, boasting the classic cartoon birthday celebrations artwork which is finished in a modern gloss to match the premium gloss finish on all our inflatables.

Require Another Theme? We have you covered!!
You have a different theme for your daughters birthday party?

We got you covered please kindly check out our themed versions of this exact same Bounce N' Slide Bouncy Castle with Slide Combo.

Pink/Purple Plain No Theme
Butterflies
Happy Birthday
Mermaids
Party Time Pink Celebrations
Party Time Blue Celebrations
Princess
Sea World
Unicorn
If this amazing inflatable wasn't already good enough why not take your special event to the next level by adding the ultimate bouncy castle upgrade to include disco light's & big Bluetooth speaker.

This bouncy castle with slide is Ideal for all your indoor and outdoor events and special occasions.

Matching Premium Soft Play & Ball Pool Packages!
This bounce n' slide bouncy castle can comes as part of our 'Bounce N' Slide Castle Soft Play Packages'

We have created the perfect option for a mixed age group from toddlers and under 5's through to up to teens available in plain no theme or a choice from above list Click this link to see all your options for bounce n' slide soft play packages

Safety and Hygiene are the Paramount Priority here at Premium Inflatables!!
All our Premium inflatables, Bouncy N' Slide Bouncy Castles with Slides, Soft Play, Ball Pools, Balls, Mats come fully sanitised for every use.
Why Choose Premium Inflatables Bouncy Castle Hire Wakefield?
CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR GOOGLE CLIENT REVIEWS FEEDBACK

Have our RPii trained team deliver and setup this premium inflatable at your chosen home or venue across Leeds, Wakefield, Tingley, Morley, Lofthouse, Rothwell, Methley, Normanton, Featherstone, Pontefract, Castleford, Knottingley, Darrington, Wentbridge, Sherburn in Elmet, Selby & surroundings.

Additional Info:

If you'd like to speak with us, call on 0113 460 1386

alternatively email us at info@premiuminflatables.co.uk

or take a look at our contact page

You can also make a booking online using the 'Check Availability' and 'Book Online' buttons!

Size:


Show in Feet
 	Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	12ft	16ft	9.5ft
Required Space:	16ft	22ft	10ft
Required Access Width:	3ft	


Show in Metres
 	Width	Length	Height
Unit Size:	3.7m	4.9m	2.9m
Required Space:	4.9m	6.7m	3.0m
Required Access Width:	0.9m	

Suitability:


	Suitable For Children	
	Not Suitable For Adults	
Suitable For
Indoors on Hard Surface	
Outdoors on Grass	
Outdoors on Hard Surface	
Not Suitable For
Outdoors on Artificial Grass	
Outdoors on Flags	

Users:


	Max Users @ Max Users @ 1M	
8
	Max Users @ Max Users @ 1.25M	
7
	Max Users @ Max Users @ 1.5M	
5
	Max Users @ Max Users @ 1.8M	
3